README.md, before:

# Correlation Metrics for PyTorch

This library implements correlation metrics using OpenMP on the CPU and CUDA on the GPU for use in PyTorch.

Currently, only one correlation metric is supported, i.e., the mutual information estimator as introduced in

> Alexander Kraskov, Harald Stögbauer, and Peter Grassberger: Estimating mutual information.
Phys. Rev. E, 69:066138, June 2004, https://journals.aps.org/pre/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevE.69.066138


## Install with setuptools

To install the library as a Python module, the following command must be called in the library directory.

```sh
python setup.py install
```

If it should be installed in a Conda environment, activate the corresponding environment first as follows.

```sh
. "$HOME/miniconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh"
conda activate <env-name>
```


## CUDA Detection

If setup.py is not able to find your CUDA installation on Linux, add the following lines to the end of `$HOME/.profile`
and log out of and then back into your user account.
`cuda-11.5` needs to be adapted depending on the CUDA version installed.

```sh
export CPATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/targets/x86_64-linux/include:$CPATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/targets/x86_64-linux/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
export PATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/bin:$PATH
```


## CMake Support

This library can also be built with CMake if it should not be installed globally in a Python environment.
In order for CMake to find your PyTorch/LibTorch installation, the following command can be used.
If you are using a virtual environment with pip or Conda, you may need to first activate the environment.

```sh
cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$(python3 -c 'import torch.utils; print(torch.utils.cmake_prefix_path)')" ..
```

Commit message:

Added new estimators for different correlation metrics.

README.md, after:

# Correlation Metrics for PyTorch

This library implements correlation metrics using OpenMP on the CPU and CUDA on the GPU for use in PyTorch.

Currently, the computation of the following correlation metrics is supported.
- Pearson correlation coefficient.
- Spearman rank correlation coefficient.
- Kendall rank correlation coefficient (aka. Kendall's tau).
- A binned mutual information estimator.
- The mutual information estimator by Kraskov et al. as introduced in
> Alexander Kraskov, Harald Stögbauer, and Peter Grassberger: Estimating mutual information.
Phys. Rev. E, 69:066138, June 2004, https://journals.aps.org/pre/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevE.69.066138


## Install with setuptools

To install the library as a Python module, the following command must be called in the library directory.

```sh
python setup.py install
```

If it should be installed in a Conda environment, activate the corresponding environment first as follows.

```sh
. "$HOME/miniconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh"
conda activate <env-name>
```


## CUDA Detection

If setup.py is not able to find your CUDA installation on Linux, add the following lines to the end of `$HOME/.profile`
and log out of and then back into your user account.
`cuda-11.5` needs to be adapted depending on the CUDA version installed.

```sh
export CPATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/targets/x86_64-linux/include:$CPATH
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/targets/x86_64-linux/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
export PATH=/usr/local/cuda-11.5/bin:$PATH
```


## CMake Support

This library can also be built with CMake if it should not be installed globally in a Python environment.
In order for CMake to find your PyTorch/LibTorch installation, the following command can be used.
If you are using a virtual environment with pip or Conda, you may need to first activate the environment.

```sh
cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$(python3 -c 'import torch.utils; print(torch.utils.cmake_prefix_path)')" ..
```
